Fix editing created at of article (#2546)
shopsys/shopsys: upgrade/UPGRADE-v11.0.0-dev.md

    - replace usages of `SitemapRepository::getSitemapItemsForVisibleProducts()` with `SitemapRepository::getSitemapItemsForListableProducts()` in your project as old method no longer exists
- session is valid for a year and the cart is now only deleted after 130 days from the user's last activity ([#2537](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2537))
    - see #project-base-diff to update your project

> - Fix editing attribute created at of article, attribute created at move from project base to framework ([#2546](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2546))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix editing attribute created at of article, attribute created at has been moved from project base to framework ([#2546](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2546))
```
